update doc about show analyze status #9497 (#8774)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-show-analyze-status.md

The `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement shows the statistics collection tasks being executed by TiDB and a limited number of historical task records.

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this statement. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement supports showing cluster-level tasks. Even after a TiDB restart, you can still view task records before the restart using this statement. Before TiDB v6.1.0, the `SHOW ANALYZE STATUS` statement can only show instance-level tasks, and task records are cleared after a TiDB restart.
```

> Since TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB v6.1.0, you can view the history tasks within the last 7 days through the system table `mysql.analyze_jobs`.
```
